[IMP] scss: add section, improve preexisting content (#3093)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/reference/user_interface/icons.rst

:hide-page-toc:

.. _ui/icons:

========
UI Icons
========

> Odoo user interface mostly relies on `FontAwesome4 icons <https://fontawesome.com/v4/icons/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo's user interface mostly relies on `FontAwesome4 icons <https://fontawesome.com/v4/icons/>`_.
```

To cover FontAwesome's lack of iconography for specific functionalities, we designed our own icon-font.

> These icons can be rendered using the main `oi` class in conjunction with the specific icon class, eg:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These icons can be rendered using the main `oi` class in conjunction with the specific icon class, e.g.:
```
